Data Collection, Analysis, and Representation Methods
Traditional vs. Modern Agricultural Data Collection Methods
Now that we’ve got a solid understanding of traditional versus modern methods, let’s deepen our knowledge with some research! You and your partner will work together to explore a specific farming method, focusing on how data collection has evolved over time.
Once you’re teamed up, select a topic below:
•	Soil Testing: How do farmers check if soil is healthy? 
•	Pest Detection: How do farmers figure out if bugs are harming their crops? 
•	Crop Yield Estimation: How do farmers predict how much food they’ll grow?
Answer the following questions to guide your research on your chosen farming method:
1.	What were the traditional methods used for this process? You may want to think about any challenges that farmers faced.





2.	What modern technologies are now used?






3.	How do the traditional and modern methods compare?






Data Analysis in Action
Bob is very grateful for the work that you’ve done helping him analyze his crop yields! He does, however, have some follow-up questions.
Answer the following questions to help Bob understand the visualization results:
4.	Which graph (bar or line) would make it easier for Bob to see the crop yields for a single week?





5.	Which graph helps Bob see the overall trend (whether the yields are going up or down)?





6.	Write a few sentences about which graph you think is more helpful for Bob and his farmer friends and why.





 
Reflection
Answer the following questions to reflect on the topics we’ve gone over today.
7.	Was there a modern method that required more time and effort than its traditional method? You may want to think about initial start-up costs and learning curves.





8.	How did the traditional and modern methods influence resource use, such as water and pesticides? Are there any environmental drawbacks to modern methods?





9.	What are some of the barriers to modern agricultural technology you listed? You may want to think about what specific factors (cost, location, education) may affect incorporating these tools.





10.	Why is it important to have accurate and clear data visuals?






