
## Final Project Introduction
1.	What types of data do you think are most important for farmers? 

2.	What kinds of sensors could help collect that data automatically? 

3.	What past lessons or skills can help you get started on this project? 

### Planning Our Smart Farm System

1.	What data will we collect?  

2.	What actions could we take based on that data?  

3.	Which Arduino components will we need?

### Reflecting on Building and Coding

1.	How is this data structured?

2.	Which variables will you store and why?  

### Analyzing and Optimizing: Using our Data!

1.	What patterns did you notice?

2.	Were the values in healthy ranges for plant growth?

3.	How might adding sensors or making code changes improve your farm?

### Analyzing and Optimizing: Optimizing our Farm

1.	What changes do you expect in the next round of data?

### Analyzing and Optimizing: Data Analysis - Round Two

1.	Are the changes in line with your previous prediction? Why or why not?

2.	What does the new data tell you about your farm’s environment? Does it provide more insight from round one?

3.	What would you do differently in a hypothetical round three?

### Final Project Presentation Planning

1.	What did your round one of data reveal about the farming environment?

2.	Which new sensor did you choose to add, and why? Specify more on what problem you were trying to solve or learn more about.

3.	How did you change your code and hardware to include the new sensor?

4.	What did your new data show after the changes?

5.	Did your added sensor help improve the system the way you expected? Why or why not?







